README.md, before:


# Web-APIs-Code-Quiz URLs:
https://raihanakter03.github.io/Web-APIs-Code-Quiz/


https://github.com/RaihanAkter03/Web-APIs-Code-Quiz
```
## User Story

```
AS A coding boot camp student
I WANT to take a timed quiz on JavaScript fundamentals that stores high scores
SO THAT I can gauge my progress compared to my peers
```

## Acceptance Criteria

```
GIVEN I am taking a code quiz
WHEN I click the start button
THEN a timer starts and I am presented with a question
WHEN I answer a question
THEN I am presented with another question
WHEN I answer a question incorrectly
THEN time is subtracted from the clock
WHEN i answer  QUESTION incorrectly 
ThEN score is subtracted by 20 from 100
WHEN all questions are answered or the timer reaches 0
THEN the game is over
WHEN the game is over
THEN I can save my initials and score
```


The following animation demonstrates the application functionality:

![CodeQuiz](./Web-APIs-Code-Quiz/CodeQuiz.gif)

## Review


* The URL of the functional, deployed application.

* The URL of the GitHub repository has been added.

Commit message:

added description to readme file

README.md, after:


# Web-APIs-Code-Quiz URLs:
https://raihanakter03.github.io/Web-APIs-Code-Quiz/


https://github.com/RaihanAkter03/Web-APIs-Code-Quiz
```
## User Story

```
AS A coding boot camp student
I WANT to take a timed quiz on JavaScript fundamentals that stores high scores
SO THAT I can gauge my progress compared to my peers
```

## Acceptance Criteria

```
GIVEN I am taking a code quiz
WHEN I click the start button
THEN a timer starts and I am presented with a question
WHEN I answer a question
THEN I am presented with another question
WHEN I answer a question incorrectly
THEN time is subtracted from the clock
WHEN i answer  QUESTION incorrectly 
ThEN score is subtracted by 20 from 100
WHEN all questions are answered or the timer reaches 0
THEN the game is over
WHEN the game is over
THEN I can save my initials and score
```

## Description:
when Click on the start quiz button , time counting will start and one question will show.
after answering one question , correct anser will add 20 point , incorrect answer will subtract 20 point and 10 second from time.
after you reach 5 question application will ask for initial or full name for showing result .
if you miss to enter full name and click submit button , appplication will show red color warning to enter the name . 
after entering full name you will be able to see you highscore. clear the highscore by clicking on glear highscore button or back to start page by clicking on GO back button .
you can also see last score by click on View High score link from first page . 


The following animation demonstrates the application functionality:

![CodeQuiz](./Web-APIs-Code-Quiz/CodeQuiz.gif)

## Review


* The URL of the functional, deployed application.

* The URL of the GitHub repository has been added.
